README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Next Trip App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Dependencies:

- [Material UI component library](https://mui.com/core/).
- Component level styling that is handled with [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/styled).
- [React Router v6](https://reactrouter.com/docs/en/v6/getting-started/overview)
- State management utilizes [React Query](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/overview) and [Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html)
- Testing utilizes [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run test:coverage`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Update README with heroku link

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Next Trip App

Next Trip displays Minneapolis Metro Transit bus line information based on
the data from [Metro Transit NextTrip API](https://svc.metrotransit.org/swagger/index.html).

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

You can access the deployed application here: https://next-trip-case-study.herokuapp.com/

Dependencies:

- Component library: [Material UI](https://mui.com/core/)
- Component level styling: [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/styled)
- Routing: [React Router v6](https://reactrouter.com/docs/en/v6/getting-started/overview)
- State management/data fetching: [React Query](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/overview) and [Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html)
- Testing: [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm run test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run test:coverage`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode and includes test coverage metrics.\
